

The girl watching the sea progress the conversation every time.
The girl watching the sea wants to die.
Bug: Skipping looking at the sea starts the conversation again.

The gun starts a conversation asking you if you have reasons to wield it.

The eye of the mind is to watch others minds.

Asking for player keyboard text input system
sound Unlock sound after knocking the door

Looking at the sea: I want to tell you something, but I don't want to do it in front of them.
Look at the moon to enter the other world
The words are keys to others, things that we don't say
The island of the Giant

Check conversation with girl watching the sea
New positions after talking with the girl hurt in the bed
Eyes should come back after leaving the house for the first time, with the animals
The animals keep insisting they want something from you

Rin follows the player and ask him for help

The shotgun girl needs to go back with them
Make sure eyes born on all the situations

The other world? Where the player writes

Should eyes hide during conversations?
Reasons should hide from the window after their first fade?

Looking at the moon
Reason to look for the void?

The gun ask a question: Do you want to kill someone?
The player can pick up the rifle to shoot the moon

Returning to the house when she is alone

A 3D character that walks and idle?
The player can shoot the rifle?

Eye of Mind cool floating when look at him


2021.02.14
x Demons: We just want to watch

2021.01.18
x [E] to continue the conversation
x Hurt girl can't talk until the player opens the house
x Animals eyes of mind

x House won't hide again after first conversation

x Yes / No for the systema

x Demons should appear when we aren't looking at them
x Hide Eyes phrases that are pretty close
x Reasons text check
x Demons first decent conversation
x The house is missing when you don't look at it

x The demons should appear at some point, gives players reasons

x The words that fly around, the eye of mind
x The demon follows you

x The conversation with Rin
x The conversation with Cattle
x The conversation about Izzy
x Dialog system

x A rifle / Gun
x The tower for the gun
x The girl near the shore
x The house girls
x The house party asset

x VOID detection and narrative
x Dialog system
x A message text field to communicate with the player
